Hello everybody, this is Shivansh Payak here and this is project c-97. So basically, this is a chatting app where you can chat with other people and make new rooms. There are currently some bugs I have to fix, and it might take some time. So let me tell you how the project works. So first you have to type your username in the text input. Click continue, and you will go to another page. You cannot go into a room that has been already made, that is one of the bugs that I have yet to currently fix. So you type your new room name(don't type the hashtag, it will automatically do that for you.) After you type your room name, click create room and you will be redirected to another page. From there you can chat with other people and like their posts. If you want to logout, you have to click the logout button in the top right corner. You will be redirected to another page that asks you are you sure you want to logout. click yes, if you want to, or click no to go back. Then you will be redirected to yet another page, and it will ask whether you want to delete the room you made or not. click yes for it to be permenently stored in the local storage, or click no to delete it forever. Either button will redirect you to the login page again. Keep in mind that for the delete room page, there is a button that says back, and will take you back to the making sure if you want to leave the room-page. from there you can click no, if you want to go back. And that is the complete c-97 project. there will be more projects coming soom, so please stay tuned for more of them.
 click on this link to go to the project: 
 
 
 http://127.0.0.1:5500/homepage.html
